early in the 5th millennium BC a group
of raiders swept west across the steppes
one would never die in myth and legend
she is known as Andromache the Scythian
be trained in battle and left to die she
rose again four centuries after she led
her people a warrior queen blessed by
the gods generations passed and yet she
remained unchanged until finally her
loneliness compelled her to leave her
people behind for thousands of years she
roamed the earth
learning and teaching and fighting
always compelled to move on for
thousands of years she searched for
another to share the blessing and curse
of immortality and for centuries she
found no one
then she dreamt of a woman seen at first
only in bits and fragments with time and
drama Kay the Scythian came to believe
she was not alone it took more than a
century to find her but when she did
both women knew one truth neither would
have to be alone ever again
her name was Quinn 700 years later
during Alexander the Great's conquest of
Judea they found a third
watch your back your job in Jamaican
liken with Andy to lead them they walked
the world lending their arms and skill
in battle
eternal fearless and invincible a
centuries past their exploits their very
names moved from fact to story to myth
they would fight together forever or so
they thought
how and why likens immortality abandoned
him neither
Andy nor quim could say the wounds that
had always healed simply did not
suddenly liken was dead an Andean Quinn
understood that nothing not even they
would last forever they understood that
even for them there was an ending the
first crusade culminated in the siege of
Jerusalem and the summer of 1099 in the
fighting
Niccolo of Genoa a young knight who had
left the priesthood behind to follow the
crusade crossed blades with the tsiyon
of a merchants trading family from
Maghrib named yusuf ibrahim muhammad al
khazzani the battle did not go as either
could have imagined forced by
circumstance to put their enmity on hold
the two discovered more in common than
not what began as an unlikely friendship
had grown into something far more by the
time Andy and Quinn found them over the
next five hundred years this group of
four Immortals travelled far and wide
seeking those fights and causes they
felt worthy of their unique gifts as a
tide of religious hysteria moved across
Western Europe they followed it
attempting to protect the lives of those
innocents caught up in the madness of
the persecution after rescuing a group
of women about to be burned as witches
Andy and Quinn found themselves fun by
the neck for their cries death once
again refused the two women to those
watching it only confirmed what they
suspected and Ian Quinn were clearly
agents of the infernal if they would not
die the priests concluded a fitting
imprisonment was required rescue by Joey
Nicky before the same fate could fall
upon Andy they searched desperately for
Quinn plagued by regret and guilt
Andy was never able to forgive herself
for abandoning her first and oldest
friend in 1812 a convicted forger named
Sebastian the lever was given a choice
he could die in prison or he could die
for the Emperor's glory and France
finding neither option to his liking he
attempted to leave Napoleon's army in
the winter of 1812
a fourth option presented itself when he
was hung for desertion
Booker's education intellect and
curiosity made him a much-needed
addition to the team better adapted to
the rapid changes of the Industrial
Revolution he provided new direction and
greater anonymity as the team began the
20th century as guns for hire
after six thousand years the Scythian
has grown weary through the lens of
history only the trappings have changed
the people will have not as petty
selfish and vindictive as ever as
Andromache struggles to find purpose in
their own certainly mortality
she and her comrades in arms are
confronted by a modern world that no
longer permits the safety of anonymity
in a day and age were an image a voice
an idea and most dangerously a secret
can find its way around the globe in
seconds the coming of a new immortal
could bring about the end of them all
or restore what time has taken from the
eternal warrior
[Music]